Well, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us again today.
It's not morning, but almost.
It's pretty late at night, but I just wanted to come on and pray with you all a little bit tonight before you all go to bed, praying over your week that you will have a victorious week, that this week will be a week of breakthrough for your household, and that we're closing out 2025 not broke, busted, and disgusted, but believing God for the overflow.
You know, I told you all, make that list and stretch your faith.
You need spiritual stretch marks.
I've talked about it how many times now—that you are believing God so big, but you're so pregnant spiritually that you have spiritual stretch marks.
It's time to believe God for the exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
That's where I said, "Let's finish 2025 with the overflow.
" When the Lord is showing us in the vision to believe for your house to be paid off, believe for your student loans, believe for your car note to be paid off, and to be debt-free.
We have about eight weeks left of this year, and it's nothing for God.
I just know He can turn it on a dime, and there's a million and one ways that He can get you a million dollars.
I just believe it.
And you say, "Well, Brandon, why are you saying all that?
" Because He's been stretching me to believe Him for bigger and to have spiritual stretch marks.
If you don't have spiritual stretch marks, you're not believing big enough because you're not pregnant enough with what God has called you to do.
You're not stretching out there knowing that God is able to do it.
If you're just barely believing, that's where you're going to be; you're just going to barely get by and barely hit the status quo.
But if you're believing for big, I would rather believe for huge and get half of it than believe for small and get nothing.
Believe for an overflow so big that you go, "Man, I'm not only believing for my house to be paid off, but I'm going to pay off my pastor's house.
" Why not believe big?
I've got so much overflow to have my stuff paid off that I've got enough to pay off three other people's stuff.
I'm a lender unto many, and I shall not borrow.
Why not believe for big?
So, I set out to believe for big things for the rest of the year going into 2026.
What are you believing God for in 2026?
I'm believing for my kids to be saved, I'm believing for my wife to be saved, and I'm believing for my husband to be saved.
I want to walk in the supernatural.
Why not?
Why not you?
Why not me?
There's an expiration date to your problems.
That's where I was at today.
Guys, I was blowing the leaves off in my yard and cleaning up my yard today because the leaves are falling so heavily now.
It's starting to rain leaves here in Tulsa, and the leaves are saying hello.
I told Diana I don't like this part of the year whenever these leaves are doing all that, but it's a blessing, and we're so thankful for the trees.
I just want to say that to you all just to stretch yourself to believe.
When I was outside and I was doing the yard work, prayer tonight was at the church, and Pastor Candace and them always have prayer.
I was like, "Man, I want to finish these leaves.
" Then the Lord said, "Brandon, I want you to go to prayer and add your supply.
I want you to take your family, and I want you to add your supply.
There's things that I'll show you in reward if you go.
I want you to add your supply.
" So I said, "Okay, Father.
I'll do it.
" I love prayer anyway; it's not like you have to twist my arm to go pray.
But when you're busy and you're wanting to finish the job and there's a pile of leaves that you've blown, I thought, "Well, if the wind gets them, they get them.
" But I put them in the pile and I told Diana, "Let's go, babe.
" So we were a little late, but we went in.
I started praying, and the lady that was leading the prayer tonight was praying over families, for the Thanksgiving season, and for strife not to be in the homes—basically stuff like that.
She said her prayer assignment today was praying over finances and stuff.
I believe there's an anointing for that—to pray for certain things that God calls your vein of what you're to pray for.
He shows me a lot about the economy privately that I don't talk about—about the housing market, about gold, about everything—and I just intercede for this.
So I just started adding my supply, and all of a sudden I was taken in the spirit and saw what the spirit of God was showing me.
I saw four major, huge doors.
They were built on a rock, but it wasn't a normal rock.
It looked like a white, chalky rock, but it was holy.
All these doors were built on this rock.
I could see each individual one was completely black.
Take your screen on your cell phone when it's turned off—that blackness.
It looks like that; it's piercing, it swallows you, and you get lost in it.
These doors were so black that you couldn't make out the door handles, but I knew they were separate and individually done.
The Lord had me praying over these doors, and all of a sudden the middle door opened up, and in this door were golden coins.
Megan's laughing about those golden coins; she gets excited; she's in the living room.
She's fine.
The golden coins were on a hill, and as the door opened up, they started falling through the door like an avalanche.
These were all stacked up really high, and as the door opened, it was so full of golden coins that they started coming out because the pressure was on the door.
I was looking at that door, and the Lord said to pray, because it was so dark that the outside of it was hidden.
You had to pray into it; you had to contend for it.
Like I keep telling y'all, we have to contend for the blessing.
You cannot just idly sit by and expect to walk in the abundance for these last days.
We know that Satan's wheelhouse, his specialty, is over finances.
So we are going and plundering the demonic realm and saying, "Listen, we're taking back what you stole from us.
We're taking back everything the devil has stolen from us, and we're demanding the thief pay us double for our trouble.
" I'm calling for double for my trouble—everything that you have been stealing from me for how many years.
Then the Lord said, "Call for your ancestors' finances.
" We were praying into this.
I haven't even brought this up yet.
But the Lord said to us, "Call for your ancestors' seeds, too.
If your family generation worked hard, sowed, and were givers at their church but they never reaped it, he said, 'Call for their seeds, too.
If they never reaped it, those seeds do not die.
'" Seeds do not die.
He said, "They lie dormant sometimes in the ground or, if they're in a dark place, they won't grow until the light hits them or unless water hits them.
You can put seed in there.
" He said, "Speak to those old seeds to reap a harvest, Brandon.
For there's generational wealth that is coming for the body of Christ if you lay hold to it, for this last outpouring of finances, for an end-time harvest transfer.
" Sister Billye said, "I didn't know if it was biblical or not.
" She said that because you always want to know if you're off.
If it's not in the Word, you cannot go against what the Word says.
So Sister Billye Brim, who wrote this book we were talking about yesterday that Diana read—she's an elder and I always respect my elders.
She started researching all the biblical basis for an end-time wealth transfer and she says it's in the Word.
She found it all.
She goes through the Greek; she's brilliant when it comes to this stuff.
I love it when you can talk to her and have a really cool conversation about the Word; she's full of the Word.
The end-time wealth transfer is there.
As I was praying into this—and maybe we'll have her on one day and she can talk about it because you want to know where that's at in the Word—I'm not educated enough to tell you.
I'm humble enough to tell you that I don't know, but I trust her and I'll allow her to come on and show you in the Word where it's at because I thought it was awesome.
She had it all in there.
Going back to the doors: I saw these four doors and as I was praying, the Lord said, "These are end-time.
This is what's hidden.
It's in the darkness.
You have to pray and contend for it and bring it out into the light.
" As you are praying, I saw the gold door open and all this coin, and then I saw silver open and the silver started to fall out.
I said, "What are the other two doors?
" I don't know yet.
But as I was praying, the Lord was showing me—and this is not financial advice, I'm not telling you to buy silver or gold—I'm telling you what I saw behind the door and what I'm praying over.
You pray too and ask God what He's telling you because I'm still trying to ask God what this is all about.
As I was praying, I saw these doors open.
Then I saw two doors over here and they represented something.
But as I was praying, I could see these four electric lines on an electric pole.
What was interesting was the electric pole was blacked out so much that you could not really make out that it was an electric pole.
The electric lines were like lines you see on the earth running to—I was trying to show them like a black extension cord—but they were like a black cord.
It's all right, son.
It's a black cord that was running and powering each door.
And the Lord said, "Flip the switch.
Flip the switch.
" I started interceding for this.
When I started seeing this black cord—thanks, Braden.
Black headphones.
You can have them back, buddy.
Thank you.
As I was praying, the Lord said, "Pray into this.
" I get these assignments and I'm like a boy.
The lady up at the front is leading and going a totally different direction, but I'm in the back with my heels ground down in the ground.
I'm like, "No, hold on.
We have to park here because I want to see more.
" I'm not leading, so I'm just trying to remember this.
She's taking notes and remembering everything the Lord is showing me because they were praying for families and stuff.
But I was on my own little hound trail—you know, like a bloodhound.
Their noses are to the ground and they're going to find out what this is in the spirit realm.
That's just the way I am because I am determined to have everything that God has for me.
I am determined to make sure I don't lack any good thing for my family.
We are going to be on that side of the blessing, that side of exceedingly abundantly.
We have what it takes to do it.
We're contenders.
The Lord told me on the way home, I told her, I said, "Do we do a live stream tonight?
" because it was late already.
I said, "You know, there are certain things I could have done, but let's pray some more about these doors.
Let's go ahead and do a live stream.
" I fed the kids and said, "Let's go and do the live stream.
" As I was praying into this and Braden was getting this set up, the Lord said to me, "Brandon, I am assembling together the closers even more.
You prayer intercessors who come on here are not just average prayer people.
He saved the best for last.
You're the closers.
You're the generation, I believe with all my heart, that will not taste death.
We will be that generation that sees the Lord Jesus Christ come back for His church.
But He brought us here for such a time as this, not just to sit by idly and watch the end-time unfold around us, but to pray into it and to have an assignment for angelic aid and assistance.
We're not just sitting back idly and going, "Well, God, whatever will be will be, Que sera, sera.
" No.
The sky is not falling.
Things are not coming apart.
We have authority.
That's why we brought this to you.
You must use your authority in these last days.
If you're not, you're missing it.
People say, "Brandon, you need to be careful with that.
The devil's going to hear you.
You don't want to provoke a principality.
" I'm not out there sticking my finger in a principality's eye, but as for me and my house, we have authority over the devil.
He isn't going to mess with us.
You either take it or he's going to run you over.
The roaring lion seeks whom he may devour.
He isn't devouring us.
We're going to stand and plead the blood of Jesus.
We're going to stand and anoint our heads with oil and say, "Hey, our cup runneth over.
" Surely goodness and mercy are going to follow us all the days of our life.
I'm not going to sit there and go, "Well, we better hide from the devil because he's out there coming to try to devour you.
" I hate to burst your bubble, but he's going to try to devour the ones who are hiding more than the ones who have a sword out saying, "You come over here and I'm going to slap you in the head with this.
" Do you think he doesn't see that?
He's attracted to fear.
When I had demonic stuff going on, the devils know when you're afraid.
Just like bees and dogs smell fear, the devil knows when you're afraid versus if you know who you are in Christ and you have authority over him.
You must exercise your authority.
And that's why we brought this to you.
Some people got all bent out.
You were trying to take over your area, over your household, over your family, over your church, over your schools, praying over the weather.
As he is, so are we in this world.
And if Jesus could do it, he gave us the authority to do it also.
He didn't sit there and go, 'I get annoyed with this.
I get annoyed with this spineless not having a backbone like a crowbar.
If we don't contend and stand for what we believe in, we'll lose it.
' I'm telling you, the body of Christ is the salt of this earth.
And we are to do what it takes.
We're the ones, the great restrainers.
I believe the Holy Spirit does.
Christ in us, the hope of glory.
Christ in you.
We're the restrainers from the evil.
We have authority to bind and loose and do the things that need to be done to get the job done for this end-time harvest, for the finances, for whatever it takes.
And the only reason the United States is the way it is, is because the church sits idly by with their head in the sand and saying, 'Well, whatever will be, will be.
' Well, we don't need to get in politics, brother; you need to stay out of that.
No, I'm going to get in politics.
I'm going to vote for righteous men and women to get in office that will stand for what we stand for: against abortion, against homosexuality, against these things.
You know why?
Because all those things are sin.
And it leads you to death.
It leads you to hell.
And somebody needs to tell you the truth.
If nobody's out there telling you the truth, you get on the other side and say, 'Hey, they didn't warn me.
' Guess what?
Your blood's on my hands.
But if I warn you and you still go to hell, that's on you.
But at least I told you you're going to hell and you need to repent and turn back from your wicked ways so that you can change and you can have an opportunity to make a choice.
It's our job to tell you the truth.
The Bible is alive and I'm telling you it's never changed.
What God stood for back then is what he stands for now.
Just because we have a limp-wristed gospel and a lot of people that don't want to tell you the truth that Jesus Christ is coming—and he's coming back for a glorious church without spot or wrinkle—doesn't mean that it's not going to happen because they're not telling you.
But if you come here, I'm the watchman on the wall warning you and yelling at the top of my lungs, telling you that Jesus Christ is coming and you need to repent.
You need to repent and turn from your wicked ways because if you don't, you're going to burn in hell forever.
Is that bad?
No, it's me telling you the truth and you don't want to hear it.
They get mad.
'Well, we're turning you off.
' Well, bye.
Bye.
At least I warned you.
You heard it right before you turned me off.
'I don't want to hear that, brother.
You're too radical.
' I'm trying to tell you that Jesus Christ is coming.
That is radical.
Just like Paul Revere yells in the midnight hour, running and telling all the minutemen saying, 'Hey, the British are coming!
The British are coming!
' I'm the Paul Revere of this generation, riding in the midnight hour, telling you that Jesus is coming.
You need to get your house ready.
You need to get your boat ready because as in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
And I'm telling you, look around you, folks.
Look around you.
Wars and rumors of wars, plagues and pestilences, earthquakes in divers places.
We had one in the Philippines today.
We had one in Afghanistan today.
In divers places, we're having these earthquakes.
And many people are so desensitized to all of it because we hear about it all the time that you think it's just the status quo.
And as a frog in a pot, as the water keeps getting hotter and hotter and you don't even realize that you're getting boiled alive, you must realize where we are and the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's time to fall on our face before a holy God and say, 'God, have mercy on this generation.
' We need a harvest of souls like we've never seen before.
We need a revival.
We think, 'Well, Charlie Kirk went home and we have a couple of months,' and like I told you, you all go back into your lackadaisical ways—'Well, you know, the holidays are coming, so we're focused on that'—until we have another major event and it shakes you a little bit and you go, 'Well, that shouldn't have happened.
' Brother Hagin said anything that happens in this earth that is bad is a church prayer failure.
It's a church prayer failure.
And that's why the Lord told me, he said, 'Brandon, it's going to take much prayer in these last days.
So raise up a million men and women prayer army.
Come on the internet and pray with my people.
Teach them to pray.
Teach them to have fellowship with me and tell them that I'm coming.
' I said, 'Lord, they know you're coming.
' Most of the church knows.
Well, the ones I hang around, at least we all talk about it all the time.
He looked me straight in the eyes and he said, 'Brandon, they don't know.
They don't know.
There's no urgency.
There's no urgency in my church.
For I'm going to create an urgency for one last call.
I'm going to shake this generation one more time.
And I'm going to bring them to their knees for fearful sights they will see that will bring them to their knees.
' And there will be five major shakings throughout this earth: a shaking in politics, a shaking in finances, a shaking in the earth's crust and earthquakes, a shaking in the heavens, and a shaking in the church.
Five major shakings.
You're going to see, and we're seeing some of it right now, but as I'm telling you, as labor pains upon a woman, so will it be.
I'm telling you, we're going to see.
He even told us even the day, he said, 'Watch from the 23rd of September, for September will be a month to remember.
' And Charlie Kirk went home.
September will be a month to remember.
Nobody will forget it.
And I'll never forget what happened with Charlie Kirk.
Never.
But I saw major revival coming to college campuses.
I saw a major revival coming throughout this earth.
I saw brush arbor churches.
I saw churches that were on fire.
I saw the pastors preaching repentance.
But then he said, 'Be patient with my babies for they're coming.
They're coming in hot, Braden.
' And so I just keep trying to tell you and sounding the alarm over and over.
And you say, 'Well, Braden, I've already heard this,' but you need to hear it again.
You need to hear it again.
You need to have that fan flamed to warn you that Jesus is coming.
And I'll keep doing this.
Just like Jeremiah kept warning the people that stuff was coming and they kept saying, 'Oh, we heard that.
' How many times did you read him saying the same thing over and over and over again to the point it seemed redundant?
But he said it to the point where it happened.
And I'm telling you, life and death is in the power of your tongue.
And I'm telling you, you need to watch what you say.
I told D, I said, 'We've got to come up higher in our confession.
We've got to come up higher in what we're saying because life and death is in the power of the tongue.
But as a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
But as you think, what you speak, out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
And what you're saying is what you're living today.
What you said yesterday is what you're going to live.
What you said today is what you live tomorrow or the next day.
But what you keep saying out of your mouth because your tongue...
the Bible says the tongue is the pen of a ready writer.
I believe your tongue is the pen of a ready writer.
You're writing your ticket.
You're writing what you're living.
' What are you saying out of your mouth?
What are you believing?
'My marriage is terrible.
My kids are all rebellious.
' You have what you say.
'Well, we're poor.
We'll always be poor.
Grandma was poor.
Her great-grandma was poor.
You know what?
We're always just going to be some backwoods people that just kind of live off the land.
' No, I'm more than a conqueror.
I have more than enough.
My bank account is in overflow.
I'm just going to say that I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
Even when you click the bank account and you look at it, I'm not moved by you.
I speak to you to change.
It may say you're in the negative.
You're looking at it and saying, 'I don't care what you say.
I believe that my God is an abundant supply.
He supplies all my needs.
' The doctor comes and gives you a bad report.
The doctor says you have four weeks to live.
I speak to this report.
I refuse to believe this.
Even if you go down fighting, at least you stood for something good.
Whether you are absent from the body and present with the Lord, either way you win, but at least you believe God for it all the way.
Whose report will you believe?
We shall believe the report of the Lord.
I believe you're going to have to believe in this day and in the days ahead.
You're going to have to contend.
I'm telling you this because I see a storm coming.
People don't want to hear it.
'Well, you know, you're looking into the tribulation, brother.
' No, I'm seeing labor pains.
I'm seeing storms.
I'm seeing a plague again.
I saw it again today.
I have a glimpse into it.
The Lord shows me and I am praying.
I see the plague and I'm looking at people dying.
Today I'm outside blowing my leaves off and I see it and I go, 'What am I supposed to do with that?
' He warns, He has me praying, and I intercede a lot.
I don't let things bother me.
I see things about the housing market; I see about these things.
What I warned you about is right here in the news.
I remember what I told you about the hit list.
Here is President Trump right here.
Can you put it on there?
I can't read the font because it's way too small.
But that's okay.
Let me see.
Read the hit list.
He just retweeted what Homeland Security put.
It's on Donald Trump's Truth Social.
He posted what Homeland Security put, and it says criminal organizations in Mexico have begun offering thousands of dollars for the murder of federal law enforcement with payouts escalating based on rank and action taken: $2,000 for gathering intelligence or doxing agents, including photos and family details; $5,000 to $10,000 for kidnapping or non-lethal assaults on standard ICE and CBP officers; and up to $50,000 for the assassination of high-ranking officials.
It says that our ICE officers are facing more than a 1,000% increase in assaults against them.
Under President Trump and the Secretary, every criminal, terrorist, and illegal alien will face American justice.
This is the list I saw.
When you see in part, you hear in part, and I tell you it's funded by another government.
It's funded by cartels.
I saw MS-13, and there's a lot of things I can't even say about what I've seen, but I'm trying to tell you that you need to be serious about the signs of the times.
We see terrorist attacks being averted in Michigan.
We see the darkness, but we have authority.
We're praying and we're bringing down this assignment from the enemy.
I'm telling you folks, many hands make light work.
I've said enough; it's been 30 minutes.
I tried to keep it under 30 minutes tonight because I told Diana, 'I'm talking way too long.
' I just wanted to try to stir you up a little bit before we pray that you have authority, and that's why we do this.
We're going to pray, and if the Lord shows me more about these doors, great.
If He doesn't, He'll show me some other time.
But I know that we are in a time of something supernatural about to take place for the Body of Christ as we enter into this month of November.
I believe it's going to be a time of great acceleration for us—not sitting back and saying, 'What a missed opportunity.
' Believe God big today.
So, let's pray.
Take communion with us.
Father, we thank You for the Body.
We're so grateful for all that You've done and everything that You said in Your Word: that we have what we say and we're more than conquerors.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we have the Greater One living on the inside of us.
We are wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
From the top of my head to the soles of my feet, the Holy Spirit dwells within me.
I am in overflow with the Holy Spirit.
I thank You, Father, that You dwell on the inside of me, my wife, and my children.
We receive it richly by faith—that we will lack no good thing, that we will lack no good gift.
We will walk in the abundance of the Holy Ghost and fire in our household.
Father, I thank You for Your body that was broken.
You were beaten.
You took it all on the cross.
They whipped You with that cat-o'-nine-tails, Father.
They really did a number on You.
Father, You took it all for me.
You did it because You love me, Lord.
But You didn't just do it for me; You did it for every person that's watching this right now and anybody else who would receive it.
You did it for us.
You became sin, You became sickness, You became poor, You became mentally disturbed.
He took it all.
He took that crown of thorns on His head.
It says in His Word in 2 Timothy 1:7 that God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind.
Because of what You did on that cross for us, we have a sound mind, because He became all that for us.
So, Father, I thank You that we don't have to take it because in Galatians, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
Because You took it on the cross, Father, we're redeemed from the curse.
I'm not under the curse.
Jesus has set me free.
For sickness, I have health; for poverty, wealth; for Christ has ransomed me.
We believe everything that You did for us, and we receive it in Jesus' name.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Father, for all that You provided for us.
Amen and amen.
Take it; we don't have to be sick.
I receive it, Father.
We make much of the blood because the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us.
We thank You, Lord, for the angels that are watching over us.
If there's anything You want to show me or show her, Father, I thank You that we're willing and able to hear You, God.
A stranger's voice we will not follow.
Father, we thank You that we don't add to any prophetic confusion in the airwaves; we only hear You, Father, and we only see what You want us to see.
We plead the blood over us in Jesus' name.
Thank You, Lord.
See, every time is different.
It's just out of the flow.
You want some of this?
I usually don't drink this because it makes you burp.
So, Father, here we go.
Who wants to go tubing?
Braden, you're so funny every time, baby.
We're going to go tubing.
We'll go down that Holy Ghost river.
Let's pray together and see what the Lord has for us tonight.
I feel there's something.
Father, where you lead, we follow.
Help us, Father, to go into those major rivers.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the Holy Ghost river of prayer, that we don't pray out of the flesh like that whiny prayer, but we pray out of the Holy Ghost and fire, and He prays through us, and we hit the target: spirit-led prayer.
So we just thank you, Lord.
We worship you.
Oh, how He loves us.
Oh, how He loves me.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
He gave His life; what more could He give?
Oh, how He loves you.
Oh, how He loves me.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
I wait on you.
I'll have no other, for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone.
Here in your arms, I'll be at rest in the precious love you have for me.
I love you.
Oh, how I love you.
I'll have no other, for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone.
Father, we worship you tonight.
Thank you, Father, for the Holy Ghost river.
We wait on you.
We're never in a hurry.
We're never rude when we come into your throne room and barge right in there and say, 'We demand, we want to hear, we want to see,' but Father, we come politely.
Even if we come boldly, we come politely and we say, 'Lord, what is it that we could do for you tonight?
' Not what we think or what we want to hear, but Father, everything that you want us to hear and for us to draw near—to draw near where you are, to come up higher with the fire and sit at your throne.
For you said you inhabit the praises of your people.
And we thank you, Lord, that tonight we dedicate this time.
We separate ourselves for you to flow through us, Holy Spirit, that we add our supply in this world.
I believe in miracles; I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous, the changing one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
I believe in miracles; I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous, the changing one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
Father, we worship you and we believe in miracles.
We believe in signs and wonders.
We believe, Father, that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And the same God that healed the sick 2,000 years ago is still healing the sick today.
We believe that Christ in us is the hope of glory.
And we give you all the glory, all the honor, and all the praise.
For the Lord, He is good and His mercy endures forever.
And great is your faithfulness to us.
Great is your faithfulness to me.
Thank you, Father.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fountain I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus.
It's what washes away our sins and makes us whole again.
It's nothing but the blood.
We are able to enter in by the blood.
We're able to do anything; it's by the blood.
We're able to pray and go before His throne because of Jesus and what He did with His blood.
Jesus paid the price for you and me.
He paid the whole price for us to walk in victory over the world, over the devil.
He's given us power and authority, and we're going to use it right now.
I'm going to pray in the spirit, and you can either pray in English or pray however you know how to pray.
But I'm going to pray and see if He shows me anything concerning our beautiful country.
So, Father, we worship you.
We thank you.
We put our eyes on you, Lord.
There's healings taking place right now as we sing.
You've been battling some things: migraine headaches.
The Lord said migraine headaches.
You're getting set free from migraine headaches right now.
People, latch onto that and receive that right now.
In the name of Jesus, migraine headaches are breaking off.
You've been battling migraines for a long time, and today's the expiration date for that.
No more migraines.
I don't know who these people are, but I'm saying there's several of you.
Migraine headaches completely delivered from this in Jesus' name.
It's like a hormone imbalance with the chemistry of your body causing triggers of this.
Ovaries are being healed right now.
I see the uterus and all the fallopian tubes are being restored right now in the name of Jesus.
A brand-new uterus.
Now, I know heavy menstrual cycles—very painful, heavy menstrual cycles.
The Lord is healing this right now, healing heavy, painful, cramping menstrual cycles.
This is caused from cysts.
The Lord is dissolving these cysts.
There are blockages from scarring.
The Lord said it's scarring, Brennan.
It's scarring there.
And it's even caused you to be unable to have children.
But the Lord is healing you and you're going to have children.
Call it in, love.
Call it in.
This is for you, female.
I need you to help me with this.
We call healing over their bodies, over their wombs.
We call the cysts to go now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you for that mighty working power flowing through their bodies right now that cleanses them—that you are cleansing their wombs right now, cleansing them clean in Jesus' name.
Never to return.
You can never come back.
No more cysts over the ovaries.
And what else do you have?
Children.
We thank you that you bring fertile wombs, fertile eggs—that these eggs are healthy and whole and well and that they do what they're supposed to do.
Healed in the name of Jesus.
Breakthrough concerning childbearing.
Yes, breakthrough.
I hear this: stand on this scripture.
'My vine will not cast fruit before its time.
' Yes, that's in Deuteronomy 28.
Your womb will not cast—you have miscarriage after miscarriage—your vine will not cast its fruit before its time.
I believe I receive a full-term child in the name of Jesus.
Say that.
I believe it.
And we call it in for them.
We stand with them.
And I believe that everything the devil had to try to steal from you, it's going to return back double in Jesus' name.
Twins.
That'd be fun.
I hear by the spirit of God to call that for you.
Believe it to redeem the time.
You say, 'Well, I'm getting too old.
I wanted more than one.
' No, God is a redeemer of the time.
Everything the devil meant for bad, God's going to turn it around for your good.
It's time to believe God for the double concerning this and joy like you've never had before.
Peace.
A pregnancy of peace instead of torment.
Fear has torment, but perfect love casteth out all fear.
You say, "I'm afraid I'm going to have a miscarriage.
" No, I will be full-term.
My vine won't cast its fruit before the time.
My ovaries and my uterus are healed, and I'm going to have a supernatural baby in the name of Jesus.
And you'll produce milk like a Jersey cow.
Why not?
You say, "I want to breastfeed.
" You'll produce milk like a Jersey cow.
No problems with nursing; it'll be good, rich milk.
It won't be malnutrition.
The baby will be able to feed two children with it.
Why not believe God to be like a Jersey cow?
Why not believe God for big?
Yeah, it's like that.
I'm telling you.
Overflow.
It's time to turn it around.
You might be breastfeeding right now and not be able to do it because you're not producing.
I call that milk in Jesus' name.
I speak to those milk ducts to produce and not be clogged in Jesus' name.
What is it?
What is mastitis?
I hear that word.
It's when the ducts get inflamed and they get infected.
We call for no infection in Jesus' name.
Call it in right now.
You're healed, whole, and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
No fever, no pain, no discomfort in your childbearing years.
What is it?
Postpartum depression.
No postpartum depression.
We speak to the mind and to the hormones.
mastitis.
Thank you.
I don't know because I'm a man, but I'm hearing the Lord: infection in the ducts.
He said, "Why would you want to bring a child up on this earth right now?
" We occupy until he comes.
We don't let the devil rob us.
We occupy.
Nobody knows the day or the hour when the Son of Man returns, but we look at the fig tree.
We can sense that it's getting close.
But we occupy until he comes.
You don't say, "We're not going to have children because Jesus is coming.
" We occupy until he comes.
We don't get flaky with this.
They've been saying it for years, but we can sense it's getting closer.
You still have a family.
And if you have the desire, he put it there.
If you have the desire to have children, then he put it there.
It's from him.
Children are a treasure, an inheritance from the Lord.
So don't let the devil try to talk you out of it.
He'll provide.
Where you have a need, he'll provide.
I believe where you sow a seed, he'll provide.
I believe with all my heart, God's hand is not short.
He'll provide for the hospital bills to have the baby.
He'll provide for the baby and whatever you need, the diapers, whatever, because he's a good God.
He provides for us.
If he'll do it for me, he'll do it for you.
We were looking for shoes for the kids and we went into the store and got shoes.
God will provide in any kind of way possible if you just believe him for it.
God is able.
Diana, this is so interesting.
We were here and went all the way to Germany, and I see that swastika again, them summoning that spirit of the Antichrist.
We went from babies to that.
God is amazing to me.
They're doing stuff underneath the ground again in these caverns in Berlin.
They're summoning the same Hitler spirit by satanic practice, trying to bring forth that Hitler spirit.
It's like a dagger.
The Lord said don't focus on it.
I plead the blood over my eyes.
All of this satanic practice, Father, we call it uncovered.
I thank you, Lord, that the people would be free.
These young girls, whatever is going on with Germany and why they're doing this to bring forth these end times.
They're being asked to because of where the origin was.
They're being asked to because of territorial sectors.
The Lord said, "Why do you think they put CERN where they did?
" There's more to it; it's territorial.
They're summoning things in certain sectors of Europe.
Now I see the Olympics.
I see the Winter Olympics in the next few months.
February 3rd, 2026.
I'm seeing in the spirit from the 6th to the 22nd.
They are summoning concerning the Olympics opening ceremony.
Every single one, even when it came to the French, there are cultic things that have been attached to it.
This will involve the Catholic Church.
I see the Vatican and the Pope.
Watch what they decode.
They're calling it forth, summoning the darkness in Italy.
The very roots of the fruits.
Watch Germany.
Global, it's a world war in Europe for the four horsemen of the apocalypse.
Watch Israel.
I see the flag.
A great shaking.
Singing, I see a volcano going off again, smoke flooding.
Oh, Grenade, remember the canary in the coal mine.
I see the canary on the perch.
There are gases, silent but deadly, no smell.
It's all centered around Italy, but he said watch the Vatican and the outcome over the next three months.
Watch this time frame going into the Olympics.
The church is rising in this time because of where it is located, getting a bigger mouthpiece.
Watch the Olympics opening ceremony in Germany and France.
And then I see the lizard watching Europe, watching in England, watching the King.
A summoning of the Antichrist spirit will take place even more.
He knows it's at the door and they're summoning it, trying to bring it up faster.
I see this thing like an Indian arrowhead made out of volcanic rock.
It's an ancient satanic tool for sacrifice made for ceremonies, but they're trying to summon this thing.
They're trying to, and the church needs to step up in Europe.
They want to bring that, with the display that you will see in this opening ceremony, to bring forth world war.
The four horsemen of the apocalypse is why I keep saying—you hear me?
It's asking for world war to bring forth world war, not peace; to bring forth the Mahdi.
But this is being asked in this area over Berlin because this is where the Pergamon altar and the things that were there are.
You understand?
Revolution.
Resolution.
Everything is at attention, and I see it all focused on one thing.
And I'm talking about the demonic.
They see Him.
He's coming—Jesus.
They are at attention.
I see demons in these castles and in Romania.
I see they're in these buildings and they're all looking.
They see Him.
They're watching.
Do you hear me?
The spirit realm is alerted.
The spirit realm is on a high alert, and they see the Son of Man coming because it's changing.
They know it.
They say something's different.
I hear their chatter.
I hear their chatter in the castles.
I hear their chats in the palaces.
I hear their chatter in the Vatican, in all these areas.
They are looking.
You say, "Well, there shouldn't be a devil there.
" I see one and they're looking, but their eyes are toward the eastern sky.
Do you understand?
Because there's something different.
We're not in a time like we've ever seen before.
I hear in the spirit.
And they know, out of all the thousands of years, that something now is different.
The devils are at attention.
Do you hear me?
I know you do.
I'm sorry to keep repeating myself, but this is what I see.
And they're all looking because their attention is heightened because of where we are.
So they're trying to do what they know to do to summon their darkness because they know that the time is short.
They're at attention.
Watch this winter Olympics.
Watch this timeframe.
They'll do what they know to do.
They're doing their darkness.
This is concerning Berlin.
This is concerning what is trying to be over the Vatican.
For the false prophet will rise next to the Antichrist.
I told you, this is the Pope.
It's the Pope.
Watch Leo.
And I'm not attacking Catholics.
I'm not attacking Catholics.
I'm telling you what I see.
Watch Pope Leo.
A great revival will spring forth in the Catholic Church in the youth.
Watch.
But as it gets closer and closer, watch the key players start to step into their roles.
What is this about the Olympics?
This is very interesting.
Lord, Father, I see this darkness, but I see structures.
I see great gatherings of people.
Do you hear me?
This is very serious.
Around the Vatican, the square, but they're all looking.
They're all looking because there's something different in the spirit realm.
They see the light like I'm seeing right now.
I can see the light.
They know that something has changed.
They know that something has changed in the realm of the spirit like they've never seen before.
Do you feel it?
I'm seeing Romania.
I see Ukraine.
I see Russia.
I see the Kremlin.
It's the great Apollyon.
Even Apollyon is at attention.
They're all looking.
I see Apollyon again.
I see Apollyon circling Putin.
He stopped spinning and he's at attention.
He's looking at the light.
They're all looking at this light.
Apollyon has stopped spinning and he's looking at the light.
I see the light, and Apollyon is looking at the light.
They all know that Jesus Christ is coming.
They're all at attention.
Every knee, the Lord said, every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
And that's what you're seeing.
They're about to bend their knee.
They are all about to bend their knee to the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords.
Do you understand?
Every knee will bow.
Every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord of Lords.
He is Lord of Lords.
Every knee will bow.
Every tongue will confess that He is Lord.
He is Lord.
I see the Son of Man coming.
He's coming back for you.
He's coming back for me.
Jesus Christ is coming.
And the devils in hell know it.
They're looking toward the light.
Jesus is coming.
Oh, glory to God.
I see the Son of Man coming.
And at the name of Jesus, every knee will bow.
Every tongue will confess that He is Lord.
Watch what's about to happen.
I hear the sound of it.
They're all at attention.
Even in the castles, I see devils in castles.
They're all looking.
They're on high alert.
But it's the glorious church.
This is the greatest revival.
Get ready for the greatest revival.
Get ready for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
Get ready for the outpouring of the glory.
They know.
That's so interesting.
Apollyon was spinning like that and he just stopped.
He stopped in his tracks.
He's looking.
They're all fixed on it.
As they do their witchcraft, they do their practices to try to summon up what they can.
There's not a devil in hell that is stronger than Jesus, the great I am.
Not one devil.
All of them put together, every principality, every power, none of them hold anything.
They're all at attention to my King.
They're shaking in their boots.
They know their time is up.
Oh, the authority.
Oh, how wonderful He is.
Jesus Christ, the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords.
And He dwells on the inside of you and the inside of me.
Glory to God.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're about to see something we've never seen before.
Even the devils in hell are standing at attention right now.
They know that time as we know it is up.
He's putting in the harvesters right now.
And as we see, they try to bring all this up.
They're trying to do their things in the Olympics and all this, but the church is waking up.
A great shaking is coming.
You're going to see the church be what the church was always designed to be.
Yeah.
The great falling away, you will see.
But the remnant.
We are alive.
We're awake.
We're expecting the coming of the Lord because we can sense it inside.
If a devil in hell can sense it, how much more should you?
He lives on the inside.
There is an alert.
There's an alarm going off.
Awake, awake, awake.
Jesus is coming, church.
Jesus is coming.
And the devils in hell know it.
Maybe I raise my voice too much.
They say you yell too much.
I can't help it.
I'm a preacher.
My voice carries.
They can probably hear me across the street.
Neighbor Maryland would be going, "What is he doing over there yelling?
" My neighbors have to put in more insulation on their houses.
Glory to God.
I got so stirred up by seeing what I just saw.
They're scared spitless, Diana.
I saw their...
you know, when you're fixed on something.
They weren't looking anywhere else.
They were looking at my King.
They need to be afraid.
It's time; a divine reversal is here.
That's what He said.
A divine reversal is here.
Where you were being pursued, you see that they were pursuing you, and now you pursue them.
You know, a divine reversal: the pursuer becomes the pursued.
That's what's going to happen.
The church is going to get a backbone.
And you're going to see a church rise up and lay hands on the sick and see them recover.
And we're going out of this place with victory.
We're going to see the Lord said, 'I believe for billions of souls.
' You need to believe for bigger, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
What will you do to bring in the harvest?
Help Him.
Help our Father.
He's leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one, and every knee shall bow.
I heard Him say, 'Well, it's cool.
' His voice echoed.
I could hear it.
It was good.
Okay, I'll tell you the vision.
I could hear it.
I was there.
I went there.
I could hear when He said, 'As I said in My word, every knee shall bow and every tongue will confess.
' Brandon, I heard His voice echo through the valley.
You know how you can yell and it echoes?
It was like that, but it was thunderous, coming from the Father.
And every devil in hell was looking.
Everything on the earth, everything that creepeth was looking.
They were fixed on Him like a bug to a light.
They know their day of judgment is at hand.
They know their time is short.
There's scripture that when the devil is going, he's going because he knows his time is short.
He's going to try to mess with the nations.
Revelation here, Revelation says, 'Therefore, rejoice, ye heavens, and ye that dwell in them.
Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea!
For the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time.
' Praise God.
He knoweth he has but a short time.
Exciting.
He knows he has but a short time.
He's in trouble.
The day of judgment is at hand, and our Father...
they're looking.
I couldn't see Him.
I couldn't see anything.
All I could see was the light shining, and I could see what they were looking at, but I could not see why they were looking.
I could see the light and all those devils are focused on it, but I couldn't see why they were looking.
The very atmosphere has changed from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah the 23rd as a great time of acceleration.
Remember to watch the fig tree.
Hallelujah.
Praise God.
This has been fun.
I'm glad I showed up tonight.
Me too.
Let us...
and He's putting in His closers.
You'll see the elders, a lot of them go home, and you're going to see the new generation, the young ones that have fresh new legs.
You know, it's like putting in somebody who's been sitting on the bench and it's, 'Put me in, coach.
Put me in, coach.
' And they're excited just to be in the game.
They've been sitting.
That's like me; I was on the bench for a long time.
Others said, 'Put you in, Brandon.
Go.
' You know, and I'm like, 'I don't want to mess up with the ball, but I'm just going to try.
' That's what He's doing with y'all right now.
He's just looking for somebody who will say yes.
'Here am I, Lord.
Put me in the game.
' It's time to pass the baton on to the younger generation who has fresh legs.
And that's what He said: 'I've saved the best for last.
' That's you.
Well, I don't know enough to work.
It don't matter.
Whatever you know, talk it.
Whatever you know, you may just know a little bit, but tell somebody about what you know.
'Jesus loves me, this I know, for the Bible tells me so.
' That's enough.
Tell them, 'Jesus loves me, this I know, for the Bible tells me so.
' Whatever you have, use it.
It's all hands on deck.
We need to tell the world that Jesus Christ is coming.
We're running out of time.
What a glorious church we are, to rise up without spot or wrinkle coming before His throne and being that bride that we're supposed to be and saying, 'Father, we love You.
We're here.
' Let's make our Father pleased with us.
'Well done, thy good and faithful servant.
Enter into My rest.
' Why not us?
Why not you?
If not you, who will?
Yes.
If not me, who?
If not us, who will?
You.
He's going to choose you where He's putting you in the game.
Don't be down on yourself.
It's all hands on deck.
This is wartime in the spirit.
And that's why we're so excited you came tonight.
That's why we're so excited that you showed up and prayed with us.
I know it's late here Central.
But we are so excited, and I'm so thankful that Jesus Christ called us and He chose us for such a time as this.
We just want to live long and finish strong.
No matter when He comes, we occupy until He comes.
And we're excited Jesus Christ is coming.
That was awesome.
Let's see.
Do you have anything else, Father?
We didn't talk about the doors, Lord, but what the Lord had was better than the doors.
When I saw that Apollyon devil, that big thing coming out of the pit...
remember I told you he was spinning like a top?
And this time he was glowing with this dingy-looking dirty glow.
It was a dingy look, like gray.
But it was glowing.
It was spinning, spinning.
And I could see he looked like a tornado, spinning like a tornado all over the world trying to create war.
And all of a sudden, in this vision, he was spinning and he came to a complete stop and froze and just looked up.
The Bible says every knee will bow.
I'm going to run around this room.
Yes.
Every knee, even Apollyon, even the devil, even Lucifer, even Satan, every knee will bow at the presence of our King.
Praise God.
I want to go do some cartwheels.
We're about to go to heaven, honey.
Jesus is coming soon.
Isn't that exciting?
It's wonderful.
We'll spend eternity with our Father.
All to Jesus I surrender.
All to Him I freely give.
I surrender all.
All to thee, My blessed Savior, I surrender all.
You may be here tonight.
Please don't click out.
Listen to what I'm going to say.
You may be here tonight and you've never accepted the Lord Jesus Christ as your personal Savior.
You may be here tonight and you may be a Christian that was backsliding and you say, 'I was on fire once, Brandon, but I'm not anymore.
I went back into the world.
I'm not living the way I should be.
But when you're saying all this stuff, I feel stirred on the inside.
I want to know Jesus Christ as my Lord and personal Savior.
Would you pray for me?
' Diana and I want to pray for you.
We know that it's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work or do whatever, the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
No man is promised tomorrow.
No woman is promised tomorrow.
You could die tonight in your sleep.
But if you do, where will you spend eternity?
You don't have to tell me.
Where would you spend eternity?
Where would you spend the rest of your time?
If you were to die today, where would you go?
That's what I have to ask you.
As every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, every single one of us is going to stand before the Father and give account to everything we've ever done on this earth.
I want you to make a choice tonight.
I want you to say if you want him or if you don't, but either way, you've made a choice.
I want you to say the sinner's prayer with us.
I want you to confess Jesus Christ.
I want to spend eternity with him in heaven with you forever.
But it's your choice.
I can't force you.
You can either live for the world and live for the devil and die and go to hell, or you can live for Jesus and live forever and go to heaven.
But either way, you're going to live forever in heaven or hell.
You're going to suffer either way or be in heaven.
You know what I'm saying?
It's a choice.
Which one do you choose?
I choose to follow Jesus.
No choice is a choice.
Choosing not to do anything is still a choice; it doesn't make it go away.
But you're here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, and you say, 'Brandon, how do I do that?
' It's just a simple prayer.
If you're here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ, we want to pray with you.
But I want you to become bold about your decision.
And I want you to put in the comment section right now to tell us.
Say, 'I want to be saved.
I want to turn my back on the world and the devil.
I want to be a born-again Christian tonight.
I'm coming home.
I'm coming back to Jesus.
Today's my day.
' You know what?
I've been messing around and I shouldn't have been doing it, but today I'm coming back and I'm coming back strong.
I'm going to be a closer.
I want to be a contender.
I want to help out with the end-time harvest.
There's nothing that you've ever done that will keep you from the love of God.
Jesus never turns his back on you or me.
We always turn our back on him.
He's always there, an ever-present help in a time of need with his arms wide open, saying, 'Will you let me help you?
' I've said it before.
Just like a child that has a broken toy and they say, 'Daddy, can you fix it?
' Jesus wants to turn your mess and make it a message.
He wants to fix your drama and make your life better.
But you have said, 'I don't have time for it.
I don't have time for Jesus.
I don't have time.
' But you have the opportunity today, right now, to accept him and say, 'Jesus, I surrender all.
I surrender all.
All to you, my blessed savior.
All to you.
I humbly give my life.
' So, I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
If you are here tonight and this is speaking to you, if you feel that itching inside—it says, 'No man comes to the father unless he's drawn by'—and right now you could be being drawn by the father.
Right now you feel that inside.
You're feeling those butterflies in your stomach.
You're feeling like you've got to make a choice.
And tonight's your night.
I want you to make a choice right now.
Say in the comment section, 'I want to be saved.
I'm coming back to Jesus tonight.
' Every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
Will you confess him as your Lord today ahead of schedule?
Because either way, you're going to.
And it will be by either choice or by force.
But I'm just telling you, choose today whom you will serve.
Accept Jesus Christ right now.
Now, I'm going to repeat this prayer and I want you to say it after me.
Say it with your whole heart.
With the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
The moment you confess your sins is not when God found out about it; it's when you got rid of it.
He knew you were a sinner before you even confessed it.
But that's when you got rid of it.
You run to God when you sin; you don't run away from him.
You run to him with your arms wide open.
I need Jesus.
I need him.
The devil tried to convince you that you don't, but you can't do this life without him.
So you say this prayer after me.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
Forgive me, Lord, of my sins.
Forgive me from my past.
Forgive me, Father, for what I did.
I've messed up so badly.
But as from this day forward, I turn my back on the devil.
I turned my back on the world and I'll serve you with all my heart.
I'll serve you with everything I've got.
The way I was a sinner is how I'm going to be a Christian.
I'm going to follow you.
You took all our energy being a sinner; now I'm going to put all my energy into you.
I'm going to be a Christian and I'm going to follow you and I'm going to follow the ways of the word of God.
I'm going to pray and I'm going to get radical for Jesus just as much as I was radical for the devil.
Today's my day.
' Father, I thank you that you wrote my name right now in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm free from sin.
Thank you, Lord, that you washed me with your precious blood.
Thank you, Lord, that you forgave me tonight.
As far as the east is from the west, you said you've taken my sins from me and you cast them in the sea of forgetfulness.
Thank you, Lord.
I'm coming home just like the prodigal son, the prodigal daughter, whatever.
I am coming home tonight and I'll serve you from this day forward in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Well, if you just said that prayer with us, welcome to the family.
Welcome to the body of Christ.
We're excited you're here.
Thank you for joining.
I know it might be a little different hearing me praying in tongues and doing all that, and you'll learn more about that as we go.
But we know that you were here for such a time as this to get born again tonight.
And so what do you do now?
You find a Bible-believing church—a Bible-believing church that I'd say is non-denominational.
That's where Diana and I would go.
Tell that pastor there, 'I just got born again watching a YouTube video and I want to be water baptized.
' Get water baptized there.
Plug into that church.
They go to prayer group on Sundays or Wednesdays.
Go whenever they have the doors open.
Get plugged in there.
Volunteer.
Be an usher.
Be a door greeter.
Whatever.
Say, 'I just want to get plugged in here.
' Find you a Bible.
Read your Bible.
Pray every day.
Come pray with us.
And you say, 'Well, Brandon, I can't afford a Bible.
I don't even have the money to buy a Bible.
' Diana and I want to celebrate your decision, and tonight by becoming a born-again Christian, we want to buy you your first Bible absolutely free.
We want to buy that for you.
We want to celebrate your decision and just say, 'Welcome to the family.
' So, if you do what Diana says.
We will send you one through Amazon.
If you just go down to the description below, you'll find our email address.
And then if you just put in the title of that email, 'I can't afford a Bible' or 'I just got saved,' and then put your address and your name in the description of the email, we will get one in the mail to you through Amazon.
And we're so excited.
It's the most amazing best day of your life.
Best decision ever.
We rejoice with you.
All of heaven is rejoicing.
42 of you tonight gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Praise God.
42 salvations.
That's awesome.
I'm so glad that you all got saved.
42 people.
We give all glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
Glory to God.
Well, praise the Lord.
And to all of you that come on every time, thank you all.
I don't know how many are here with us still, but we had over 5,000.
We had 5,100.
Probably a lot of you left, but 4,600 right now.
4,600 of you prayer warriors that stick around for the altar call.
Thank you for praying with me as we bring in the lost for Jesus.
The most important thing we can do here is to keep winning souls for Jesus.
In October, we had well over a thousand people give their hearts to Jesus Christ.
We're so excited.
On track, if we did that every month, we believe in God that over 12,000 people would give their hearts to Jesus Christ in a year.
Thank you for being a part of this YouTube channel.
Thank you for your support and your prayers.
Thank you for joining us every single time we do this and loving on our family the way you do.
I believe we're on track right now for 600,000 subscribers, all to the glory of God.
I'm anointed to do YouTube in a way that the world is not familiar with, all to the glory of God.
Like Pastor Chip says, I believe that God has anointed me to do YouTube.
We have 579,072 prayer warriors that have joined up on this channel, and our other channels are taking off.
We have 25,000 on China, around twenty-some thousand on South Korea, and it keeps growing.
We have Portuguese, German, and eight other channels, all for the glory of Jesus.
We're believing for a million-strong prayer army of men and women to join us on a daily basis.
We try to pray and bring all the glory to Jesus here as we pray in the end times.
I'm curious about the Olympics.
Are you?
I'm curious what kind of ceremony they have planned.
What's that, Paisley?
She probably wants to say goodbye.
She's so funny; she always wants to run in here and say goodbye to everybody.
But I'm really curious about what's going to happen in the ceremony because he's bringing it up.
What is it about CERN?
Why did they pick that?
Because he brought that up.
Isn't that interesting?
Why did they pick Switzerland to build CERN?
What is that?
That's interesting.
Then he talked about the Pergamon altar tonight.
That was interesting.
Then a great escalation of war in Italy, where they're having the Olympics.
That's interesting.
There's so much there that is tied together, and I saw the four horsemen of the apocalypse riding.
I saw them all at attention.
Things are about to really take off.
We're at a time like we've never seen before.
People wanted to know what I saw even about New York City and the hot flash of that fire burning.
It came out of a building.
It looked like one of the major hotels in Times Square.
There was a building in Times Square where that device was, and it was the side of the building that went off.
There was fire, it felt hot, and it was a flash of light.
Now, does that mean it's coming this December 31st?
I'm not saying that.
I see in part, I hear in part, but it's something to pray about seriously.
We are praying over New York in Times Square for our New Year's Eve celebration.
So we pray over all terrorist activity, that some kind of device would be uncovered by our Homeland Security and the FBI to uncover the darkness they would have planned to try to disrupt and have mass casualties.
This is very serious.
The enemy is within our country still, and Trump is doing the best he can to uncover and bring these people to justice.
So that's what we're here for, and we will continue to stand as watchmen on the wall, praying for our nation for every evildoer to be uncovered in the mighty name of Jesus.
All glory to Jesus.
So, that's what I have for y'all today.
I feel the release to stop now.
We'll join up again on Monday.
We pray you have a wonderful, awesome, and blessed Monday as you go into your work week.
We pray that it's a rich, amazing week.
We'll see you again tomorrow night, bright and early.
It's early in the morning for some; on the East Coast, it's almost morning.
God bless you all.
Remember, Jesus loves you.
Hi, everybody.
That's Paisley.
Remember, we love you and Jesus loves you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.